Add survey results (#3778)
duckdb/duckdb-web: _posts/2024-10-04-duckdb-user-survey-analysis.md

Finally, users mentioned low memory usage, protocol support (e.g., HTTPS, S3), database integrations, and portability.

### Feature Requests

We asked users about the features that they'd most like to see in future DuckDB versions. The most popular requests are listed in the table below:

| Feature                                                                 | Percentage |
|:------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------:|
| Improved partitioning and optimizations related to partitioning         | 39%        |
| Improved support for time series and optimizations for pre-sorted data  | 35%        |
| Support for materialized views                                          | 28%        |
| Support for vector search                                               | 24%        |
| Support for attaching to database systems via ODBC                      | 24%        |
| Support for time travel queries (query the database as of a given time) | 23%        |
| Support for the Delta Lake format                                       | 22%        |
| Improved support for Iceberg (including writes)                         | 17%        |

> We are happy to report that, since a few months have passed since the survey, some of these requests have already been implemented:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are happy to report that, since survey was conducted pre-v1.0.0 and DuckDB is now at version 1.1.1, some of these requests are already a reality:
```
Possibly? basically instead of 'month' measuring time as releases.

For the rest of the requested features, several ones are in the making at DuckDB Labs. Stay tuned!

## User Roles

We asked respondents to indicate their main roles in their organization. The top-5 answers were as follows:

![User roles](/images/blog/survey/roles.svg)

It's no surprise that DuckDB is popular in the “data” roles: 26.5% of the respondents are data engineers, 14.0% are data scientists and 9.3% are data analysts.
The form had a surprisingly high share of software engineers, 23.4%.
Finally, about 2% of respondents indicated that their primary role is DBA.

## Conclusion

We would like to thank all participants for taking the time to complete the survey.
We will use the answers to guide the future development of DuckDB and we hope that readers of this analysis find it informative as well.

## Appendix

For reference, the questions in the user survey were phrased as follows:

* Which DuckDB client(s) do you use?
    * ADBC (Arrow)
    * C
    * C++
    * C#
    * CLI (command line interface)
    * Go
    * Java (JDBC)
    * Javascript / Node.js
    * Julia
    * ODBC
    * Python
    * R
    * Rust
    * Webassembly (Wasm)

> Other

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Other
```
